hi Rosie friends it's Julie and today
I'm just going to do a quick video to
update you about the progress that I'm
making in my experiment using the red
and amber light therapy followed by the
green light therapy in treating my
rosacea symptoms and I thought that I
would actually tell you because it
hasn't been all that long i think it's
been 12 days 12 days i think if i'm
wrong about that i'll put that somewhere
on the screen in fact i'll put the first
video i'll put a link to it right here
so that you can check that out if you
want to see what i'm up to with that so
i'm not going to explain the whole thing
but um yeah it's only hasn't been that
long yet so i do think that there has
been a little bit of progress my skin
feels a little bit healthier it looks a
little bit healthier but i thought
because the change so far is not all
that dramatic i would tell you how
exactly i've gone about doing it because
I kind of ironed out the entire progress
process so that I can do the same thing
every single day for three months do you
find out if this works and it's the end
of the day right now so it is the
absolute worst moment for my skin so
you're seeing my skin at its worst right
now I'm not wearing makeup I just
showered which is my I look like a
drowned rat so I'll let you know how I
do the entire thing I always do my light
therapy at night and the reason is
because I only wash my face twice a day
because I don't want to be too harsh on
my face and so when I shower at night
the next thing that I do is to give my
light therapy and then I go through all
the different products that I use right
before going to bed so I shower and the
same time I wash my face and I use this
as a cleanser it is the base addiction
soft line it's the cleanser this is the
best cleanser I've ever tried love this
product I've reviewed this product in
the past it's somewhere in my videos and
absolutely love it this is still my
favorite all-time cleanser this is
incredible this is not a sponsored video
for any of the products that i'm using
by the way this is just what i'm using
i've purchased all of this with my own
money
and acceptable for the dual care I
received as a prototype when I was a
part of their whole testing thing so he
up so this is what I cleanse with when I
shower in the evening the next step is
to put on a pair of goggles so put these
on like this because they're stylish and
they make me feel beautiful and then
once I have those on actually I'm not
going to horse them for the video you've
seen other if you've been following this
channel for a while you've seen other
videos where I form these and I look
just as beautiful and I love them anyway
so then i turn on my tablet and i use a
kitchen timer app it's just annual
kitchen timer app this is also not
sponsored but it looks like this and as
you can see my most recent times that
i've used are 42 minutes and 10 seconds
that's because I time each treatment for
two minutes and the extra ten minutes
gives me the time to put my goggles down
and turn on the light and get it into
position or the extra 10 seconds or I
think I said 10 minutes there so yeah so
I use that app so i use it for a two
minute on this side with the dual care
which is red and amber light therapy
combined then I put the dual care on
this side for another two minutes and at
the same time I put green on this side
and then for the last two minutes I just
put green on this side and the sides
does nothing the dual care looks like
this or at least it's the bulb itself it
looks like that and it is red and amber
light so it is unbelievably right I
don't even know if it's possible for my
camera to pick that up because it is so
incredibly right but it normally just
comes off it comes across as white on my
camera because it is brighter than all
the other lights and this your home and
then we have the this is my own light
that's why we have the green light and
that looks like this I hope that shows
up on the camera too because it's a
pretty awesome green it's like horror
story green but
um yeah so I don't know if this lets the
color come across but it is basically
really really really bright emerald
green and so six minutes later the light
therapy is done the next thing I do is I
use the face addiction softonic I've
reviewed this product in fact I think
I've reviews all reviewed all of these
skin care products before but these are
just the ones that I'm using now on the
order so this is the softonic it follows
the cleanser it's in the same line then
i use the face addiction diffuse elixir
it just feels absolutely beautiful going
on i use this over my entire face and
neck area and then i follow that with
the face addiction the last part of the
soft line it's the cream also reviewed
it's all in my videos if you check out
my channel and I absolutely love this um
I stopped using it for part of the worst
hottest part of the summer because it
was crazy crazy hot and this is a pretty
thick cream but um and I was just using
the diffusive lick sir as the as my
moisturizer um that is what I wasn't
testing and other products but I've gone
right back to this and I used this both
day and night now in the morning I walk
dogs i'm outside in the sun for quite a
while so i also use the celtic
complexion organic sunscreen for
sensitive skin i tested this out in a
tiny little bottle that was sent to me
by the company very generously and i
have now purchased another bottle of it
because it's awesome so that's what I
used every day so I used that entire
line in the morning followed by the
sunscreen and then I use the entire face
addiction line in the evening every
Saturday I do kind of a special
treatment and for that i use the celtic
inflection gentle cream exfoliant i had
a small bottle of that the more trial
sized that I absolutely fell in love
with I reviewed that as well obviously
and i have purchased the full-size
bottle for myself really really love it
use it every single saturday i feel like
it takes the week off so I can
fresh so you said on Saturday nights
before I apply before I do the entire
face addiction line and then I follow
that with the face addiction hydrate
mask so that is what i'm using on my
skin for three months I am dedicated to
these products I'm not going to switch
it up because i am trying to see whether
or not the light works so i'm not going
to change my skin care products partway
through or switch them up all the time
and then think that the light is working
when it's actually the skin care product
or the other way around so that's how
i'm doing so far I'll do a close-up of
my face right now as I said it's
probably at its worst point of the day
definitely at its worst point of the day
and I've actually been there's a mirror
right here and I've been watching it
just getting redder and redder
throughout the video because these
lights are unbelievably hot and there's
a board behind me to try and keep the
sound in here and it's holding the heat
in so I am a little bit more pink than I
normally would be today but um I'll show
you what I look like and you'll see that
I do still actually my skin looks better
than it did the day before I started the
light therapy so um I do have my hopes
up um yes I'll take off my glasses
I'm actually really fact that I'm
getting redder and redder right now
because the heat from the lamps um I'm
actually really pleased with how it's
going so far but um yeah so that's my
update on how I'm doing with the my
light therapy experiment and that would
be the entire skincare line that i'm
using right now at the same time so i
hope you like this video i hope you
found it informative i hope you found it
fun if you did please give it a thumbs
up so that i know that i'm headed in the
right direction and if you'd like to see
more videos like this keep up with some
of the things that I'm doing with this
light therapy experiment other things
that I'm trying and I have a few
giveaways coming up please subscribe to
my channel I make new videos every
Sunday and Thursday and other than that
I will see you next